[instrumental music]
[beeping]
[female automated voice]
'Good morning.'
'The time is 0430
Earth Standard'
'Wednesday, August 3rd, 2258.'
'Personal log shows
no outstanding appointments.'
'Shall I download station logs
for past six hours?'
[groans]
Sure. Grab it, store it,
shove it.
[female automated voice]
'Clarification?'
[sighs]
Never mind.
Why does my mouth always taste
like old carpet in the morning?
[female automated voice]
'Unknown.
Checking medical logs.'
[sighs]
- Morning, Lt. commander.
- Commander.
- Sleep well?
- Sleeping is not the problem.
Waking up. That is a problem.
I've always a hard time getting
up when it's dark outside.
- But in space it's always dark.
- I know.
I know.
Picking up a distress signal.
Put it on-screen.
(male #1 on radio)
'Requesting assistance.'
'I repeat, Starfury Pilot'
to Earth vessels,
requesting assistance.
(Susan)
'Babylon 5 to fighter,
what is your situation?'
We were escorting transport,
hit by Raiders. Surprise attack.
They're in pursuit.
Power at 50 percent.
Launch Delta Wing.
Tell them home in on his signal.
(male #1)
They're coming in!
Taking evasive action.
Now they're all over the place!
[explosion]
He's gone.
[dramatic music]
(male narrator)
It was the dawn
of the Third Age of mankind
10 years after
the Earth-Minbari War.
The Babylon Project
was a dream given form.
Its goal, to prevent another
war by creating a place
where humans and aliens could
work out their
differences peacefully.
It's a port of call,
home away from home
for diplomats, hustlers,
entrepreneurs and wanderers.
Humans and aliens,
wrapped in 2,500,000 tons
of spinning metal,
all alone in the night.
It can be a dangerous place.
But it's our last,
best hope for peace.
This is the story of the
last of the Babylon stations.
The year is 2258.
The name of the place
is "Babylon 5."
[theme music]
[music continues]
[instrumental music]
(male announcer on PA)
'Earth Transport Benoza
will be departed in..'
Identicard, please.
This hasn't been updated
in a while.
I've been out of circulation.
Spent the last few years doing
some exploration out on the rim.
Find anything interesting?
Yes.
By the time the search
and rescue team got there
there wasn't much left.
(Jeffrey)
'Security analysis?'
Even after we cut off
their supply of heavy weapons
the Raiders have continued
to escalate their attacks.
The last two have been in
close proximity to Babylon 5.
We can't let this go on.
If we can't guarantee safe
passage to the station--
(Susan)
I know. Just two problems.
One, by the time we hear
about an attack and progress
it's too late
to do anything about it.
Two, we can't figure out
how they're getting out so fast.
Ships that small have to use
jump-gates same as anybody else.
Getting from the point
of the last attack to
the nearest gate takes
four hours at maximum burn.
But they were gone
in less than two.
Put Delta Wing on standby alert.
They should be ready
to leave the second
we hear about any new attack.
Lt. commander, you'll take
first tactical watch.
Will do, also recommend
we put together
a profile of all incoming ships
for the next few weeks.
See who's carrying
any valuable cargo
if we can figure out
who they're likely to hit next.
Agreed. See to it?
(Garibaldi)
'It'll be tough.'
Not everyone files
a complete manifest.
A lot of them just flat-out lie.
All we can do is
try to help them.
If they won't cooperate
then they'll just have
to accept the consequences.
That's all.
Mr. Garibaldi,
a moment of your time?
Not long ago,
something happened.
I've been keeping it to myself,
but the truth is..
...I need some help.
Mostly, I need a friend.
You got both. What's the deal?
I told you about
the Battle of the Line
the 24 hours of my life
that I couldn't remember.
Lately, I've started to
piece together a few things.
Not all of it, just enough
to know that something
happened to me back there.
I've gone as far as I can
with my own investigation
but...this is more
your area of expertise.
I need your help
to try and find out
what happened
and why.
This is strictly unofficial.
You don't have to take
on the job if you don't want to.
Jeff, this is me, remember?
So, let's hear it.
Start at the beginning,
and don't leave anything out.
[chuckles]
[instrumental music]
- Ambassador.
- Mr. Reno?
I was starting to worry
if you were going to come.
I always keep
my end of the bargain.
Just had to make sure
your people did the same.
And?
I finally received confirmation
that payment in full
has been deposited
into my account back on Earth.
'Here's the merchandise.'
Great Maker.
Nice piece of jewelry,
isn't it?
This is not a piece of jewelry.
This is not "The merchandise."
This is the Eye
the oldest symbol
of Centauri nobility.
The property of
the very first emperor.
It comes from the earliest days
of the Republic
lost over a 100 years ago
at the Battle of Nu'Shok.
I know the story, ambassador
and I'm glad it means
something to you.
But to me, it's just
another commission.
My job is to find things
objects, people, you name it.
Now I've got my payment.
- I'll be on my way.
- Payment indeed.
My government paid enough
to buy a small planet.
But I would very much
like to know
how you got your hands on this.
No, you wouldn't.
[instrumental music]
[intense music]
- Ambassador.
I have already pushed it.
I pushed it again.
Ah!
I hear there is a famine on
your world Southern Frontier.
My condolences.
You should have thought of that
before you strip mined
our resources.
Ah! So it is all our fault? Hmm?
Precisely.
Though I have noticed
that your own people
have continued to exploit
your world's resources
to build the mighty
Narn war machine.
We have to protect ourselves!
By doing to yourselves
what you say we did to you?
- Ah! That's evolution for you!
- Now, see here--
Take the famine as a blessing,
ambassador.
A weeding out
of the excess population.
One more comment like that,
Mollari
and you will become
part of the excess population!
- Hah! Threats!
- Yes, threats!
Now, you can go to hell!
And you can kiss my pouch, you..
- Now look what you made me do!
[instrumental music]
And I can only assume that
once they were finished with me
the Minbari wiped my memory
being taken aboard
their cruiser.
Put me back in my ship
and let me go.
And you're sure
that was Delenn you saw?
Positive.
[exhales]
Eleven years since the war,
Jeff, it's a long time.
- Trail's pretty cold.
- I know.
And I don't expect you to come
up with anything today.
I've waited 11 years,
I can wait a while longer.
- But if you get any ideas..
- Understood.
I'll keep my eyes open.
And, Jeff,
thanks for trusting me enough
to bring me in on this.
Don't thank me until we figure
out where this thing goes.
We may both end up
regretting this conversation.
[instrumental music]
(G'Kar)
'I'm not sure I understand
the question, uh, Mr..'
- Morden.
- Morden, yes.
Who did you say authorized
this little chat?
Counselor T'Bar, First Circle.
And does he know
what this is about?
No.
But in order to, uh...see
someone of your prominence
I had to get a recommendation.
He provided it.
You still haven't answered
my question, ambassador.
What do you want?
Well, what do you mean
what do I want ?
- What do you want?
- W.. What do I want for supper?
What do I want do this evening?
What do I--
What do you want?
This is pointless.
What I want is for you to
go away and leave me in peace.
As you say.
W-wait.
[instrumental music]
What do I want?
The Centauri stripped my world.
I want justice.
But what do you want?
To suck the marrow
from their bones
and grind their skulls
to powder.
What do you want?
To tear down their cities,
blacken their sky
sow their ground with salt.
To completely,
utterly erase them.
And then what?
W..
[sighs]
I don't know.
As long as my Homeworld's
safety is guaranteed
I don't know that it matters.
I see.
Well, thank you very much
for your time, ambassador.
Good day.
[instrumental music]
Nonsense!
[speaking in foreign language]
- Ambassador Mollari?
- Yes, Lord Kiro.
I am honored.
This is Ladira, my aunt
also the seer and prophetess
of our house.
- Ambassador.
- My lady.
You are alright?
Yes, the trip was quite long.
(Londo)
'It can be quite a strain'
if you're not used
to such voyages.
Little rest will help.
I've made all the arrangements.
You have the Eye?
Yes. It's quite--
[gasps]
This place..
Great Maker, this place..
- 'No.'
- Lady?
I see death. Destruction.
Fire. Babylon will fall.
This place will be destroyed!
'Fire, death, pain.'
Fire, death, pain.
No.
No!
[dramatic music]
[instrumental music]
- You're sure you're alright?
- I'm fine, Kiro.
It was a vision.
Very powerful.
You said this place
will be destroyed?
Yes. Yes, I did.
You'll excuse me.
I must go to my quarters
and rest.
You'll forgive my aunt.
She sometimes takes the role
of prophetess too seriously.
Then you don't believe
her vision?
She's been wrong before.
On my first birthday
she said that someday
I would be killed by shadows.
[chuckles]
Shadows?
Doesn't exactly make sense,
does it?
No.
- Where is the Eye?
- Safe.
I would like to see it.
Well, actually I was told--
My family has been waiting
for over a 100 years
for the Eye to be returned.
It is the symbol of our house
a house of nobility and honor.
And now I must play
the messenger.
After searching for so long,
I would like to spend
some time with it
before turning it over
to the emperor.
Of course.
[instrumental music]
Six to One, have located target.
Commencing surveillance.
What is the purpose of your
question, Mr. Morden, is it?
The question is its own purpose,
Ambassador Delenn.
What do you want?
I am informed that you have
just seen Ambassador G'Kar.
Are you asking each of us
this question?
Perhaps.
Does that invalidate
the question?
No, but it makes me wonder..
Something wrong, ambassador?
No, just a moment of fatigue.
[instrumental music]
Ambassador?
Leave me.
Get out. Now!
[instrumental music]
They're here.
[Kiro grunts]
(Kiro)
Yes.
No one else knows
that it's here?
No one, except the man
who brought it here.
I think we can rely
on his discretion.
Good.
Good. We'll, uh..
We'll bring it back
just as quietly.
It will be better for
the government to declare
that they found it back home
rather than to admit they had
to buy it from some outsider.
[sighs]
Ambassador..
..you must know that things are,
uh...changing back home.
I hear a few things.
(Kiro)
'Every day our people
grow unhappier'
'with our so-called leaders.'
The emperor has not appeared
in public for a nearly a year
leaving his prime minister
to act for him
but w-without his leadership
the senate continues
to lose credibility.
Ah! So that is why they were so
desperate to find the Eye, yes?
(Kiro)
'Yes.'
There is no greater symbol
of authority.
Mollari..
...the Eye belongs
to my family
my house.
Why should I give it
to the emperor?
We must all make
our sacrifices.
If I were to return
with the Eye..
...and claim the throne
for myself?
Lord Kiro, please.
I understand your feelings.
You could do what you describe
but without support you would be
dead within a day of trying.
These are no longer
the good old days, Lord Kiro.
Yes.
More's the pity.
I'll leave this
in your care tonight.
For it were in my possession,
I might do something foolish.
- Goodnight.
- 'Goodnight.'
'Where did it all go wrong,
Mollari?'
Where did we lose it all?
[chuckles]
I don't know.
[door slides open]
[instrumental music]
- Send everyone to the shuttle.
- Evacuate, evacuate!
- We've lost authority team--
- Team Alpha has cut off!
(male #1)
They're heading
for the docking bays!
- Repeat, they're heading--
- Hit it!
Hit it with everything
you've got!
- We've got to get out!
- The shuttle's away--
(male #2))
Destruct! Destruct! Destruct!
[thinking indistinct chatter]
[explosions]
(male #3)
'Captain, we're picking up
Raider transmissions.'
Impossible.
The screens are clear.
There's nothing out there.
'Hey, where are they
coming from?'
- I don't know.
- Time to target?
Twenty minutes.
Battle stations,
thrusters to maximum.
We'll try to beat them
to the jump-gate.
Earth Transport Vessel Achilles
to all ships in Grid Epsilon.
This is Earth Transport
Vessel Achilles
to all ships in Grid Epsilon.
This is a mayday.
'Repeat, this is a mayday.
We are under attack.'
'We are surrounded by Raiders.
This is a mayday.'
'We're moving in flight speed
to the jump-gate.'
'Come on, guys, we could
use your help out here!'
'This is a mayday,
repeat, mayday!'
Standby, Achilles.
- Help's on the way.
- 'Roger that.'
Lt. Commander,
you're clear to launch.
Confirmed.
You heard the man, Delta Wing,
hit it.
[whooshing]
[instrumental music]
(female announcer)
'Call Red-7, 3-5..'
Six to one.
they've taken the bait.
Estimate two hours until
they can reload the Cobra bays.
Keep them busy once they arrive.
We'll take care
of Babylon 5 from this end.
[intense music]
(male #1 on radio)
'You are clear to dock
in Bay 13.'
'Welcome back, Ambassador Kosh.'
[instrumental music]
[door slides open]
[music continues]
[sizzling]
Time to target's last
known position, 20 minutes.
Any further transmissions
from the Achilles?
Confirmed, still reading her,
Delta Leader.
Alright, let's hope we're
in time to do some good.
'Delta 7 and 8, stay behind
and watch the gate.'
'If the Raiders
manage to double back'
'and to get past us, link in.'
'I wanna know how the hell
they're getting in'
'and outta here so fast.'
(male #4 on radio)
'Will do.'
Maximum burn.
Weapons systems on standby.
Heat 'em up.
We're gonna need 'em.
(male #4 on radio)
'Confirmed, Delta Leader.'
We're ready to proceed.
Bring the Eye, please,
and we'll meet along on the way.
Good. I've notified Centauri
Prime of your expected arrival.
There'll be a ship waiting
to escort you home.
You'll have protection
every step of the way
once you're through the gate.
Well, I should hope so.
See you in a few moments,
ambassador.
Ah, ambassador, I was just
on my way to see you.
- My name is--
- I'm sorry.
But I don't have time
to chat right now.
I suggest you make
an appointment.
- I did.
- Then make another one.
Never a transport tube
when you need one.
Ambassador, I was authorized
to speak to you--
Yes, yes.
Look, what do you want?
That's what I was going
to ask you.
What do you want?
You are a lunatic. Go away.
Pester someone else.
[female automated voice]
'Destination?'
Bay 12.
You are a very
persistent young man.
I have to be.
I'm not allowed
to leave you until
you've answered my question.
- What do you want?
- This is a silly conversation.
Yes, it is.
- What do you want?
- To be left alone.
Is that it?
Is that really all, ambassador?
[sighs]
Alright. Fine.
You really want to know
what I want?
You really want to
know the truth?
I want my people to reclaim
their rightful place
in the galaxy.
I want to see the Centauri
stretch forth their hand again
and command the stars.
I-I want a rebirth of glory
a renaissance of power.
I want to stop
running through my life
like a man late
for an appointment
afraid to, to look back,
or to look forward.
I want us to be
what we used to be.
I want..
I want it all back
the way that it was.
Does that answer your question?
Yes. Yes, it does.
Commander, we just received
confirmation from Delta Wing.
They're closing in on the
Achilles' last known position.
Good.
Something wrong, commander?
Up until now,
the Raiders have been hitting
closer to Babylon 5,
but this new attack
is almost a full sector
further away.
Call up a cargo manifest
on the Achilles.
- Let's see what she's carrying.
- On it.
That's far enough.
[sizzling]
I want the Eye.
We don't know
what you're talking about!
No more lies, ambassador.
And to make sure
there are no further problems
you three have just
become hostages.
Get this aboard the ship.
And hide these bodies.
We don't want them found
until we're clear.
Now, move.
[intense music]
Commander, I have the cargo
information you asked for.
Are you sure this manifest
covers everything?
Yes, sir.
"Hydroponics supplies, tools
atmospheric-testing materials."
There's nothing here
that would bring a high price
in the black market.
Nothing worth the effort
of stealing it.
Then why the attack?
Babylon Control to Delta Wing.
Do you copy, Delta Leader?
- Confirmed, Babylon Control.
- 'What's your status?'
We just got word the Raiders
have broken off the attack.
We're flying in pursuit.
(Jeffrey on radio)
'Negative, Delta Leader.
Do not pursue.'
Repeat, do not pursue.
Return to base.
- But, commander--
- 'It's a diversion, Lt. Cmdr.'
They want your forces as far
from the station as possible.
- Return to base at once.
- 'Confirmed, Babylon Control.'
What ships are due to arrive or
depart in the next two hours?
Traffic's light.
Just a couple survey ships
and a Centauri personal liner.
Registration?
A Lord Kiro and Lady Ladira.
Scheduled to depart
Bay 12 in 10 minutes.
That might be it. Tell Garibaldi
to stand by with Alpha wing.
I'm heading for Bay 12.
Ambassador , the ship of yours
that's about to depart--
Commander,
this is not a good time.
I have to warn you.
We received information--
Commander, look out!
Alright, if anyone moves,
Lord Kiro gets his
brain splattered
all over the bulkhead.
'Now, I'm taking this ship,
and we're leaving here.'
And if anybody tries
to block the docking bay
I'll use the ship's thrusters
and burn my way through,
understood?
Understood.
We won't try to stop you.
I'd always heard
you were a smart man, Sinclair.
Now, move!
Kiro! Kiro, no!
Commander, what are you doing?
You can't just let him go!
Garibaldi,
a Centauri liner will be
coming out of the docking bay
in about five minutes.
Target engines only.
'I want it disabled,
not destroyed.'
(Garibaldi)
'Confirmed.
Launching Alpha Wing.'
We'll program the jump-gate
to reject the ship's ID code.
We'll let 'em get outside
to keep 'em from damaging
the station,
but once they're outside
believe me,
they're not going anywhere.
Ladira, we should
get away from here.
The Shadows..
the Shadows are coming for him.
[instrumental music]
- Status?
- Centauri Liner's out.
And trying to activate
jump-gate sequence.
Alright, Mr. Garibaldi, move in.
- Hit them and reel them in.
- Will do.
Okay, people, let's move.
[instrumental music]
The ship's too small to make
it's own jump point.
And with our jump-gate closed
the nearest one is
six light-months away
and Garibaldi at his back
we got 'em boxed in
on all sides.
We can wait him out,
if we have to.
Commander, jump point
forming in Sector 3.
What?
So that's how the Raiders
get in and out so fast.
A vessel that size would have
to be capable of solo jumps.
They're moving
in attack formation.
Weapons systems locking on.
Close blast doors.
Prepare for attack.
[dramatic music]
Level one alert!
Activate defense grids.
Defense grids online.
Alpha Leader, whatever is on
that ship, they want it bad.
Make sure it doesn't get away.
- What about the station?
- We can take care of ourselves.
- Now, go.
- 'Roger.'
[gunshots]
Alright, Alpha Wing.
Take them down hard.
[instrumental music]
[clamoring]
Ladira.
Ladira, we have to find shelter.
Fire. Death and destruction.
You can't stay here.
- Come with me now. Please.
- It doesn't matter.
The Shadows have come
for Lord Kiro.
for us all.
[alarm blaring]
[gunshots]
Leave this place.
They are not for you.
Go.
Leave.
Now.
[electricity crackling]
(Garibaldi)
'Commander, Centauri transport
heading for the mother ship.'
'Unable to pursue.'
[instrumental music]
[explosion]
Alpha Leader to Alpha Wing
these things are made for
atmosphere and lower space.
'Go for the airfoils, that's
where they're vulnerable.'
[gunshots]
Recalibrate the defense grid
along the cargo bay
for long-range firing pattern.
'Range, between two
and five kilometers spread.'
I'll have to take it
off-line for a minute.
(Jeffrey)
'Do it.'
Babylon Control to Alpha leader
'drive them toward
the back of the station.'
Confirmed.
[instrumental music]
Let me know
when they're in position.
- One minute.
- Defense grid reactivated.
Target range: 3.9 kilometers.
Now we close the box.
Babylon Control to Delta Wing.
- Proceed.
- 'Confirmed, Babylon Control.'
[sizzling]
Surprise.
[instrumental music]
Tactical display.
- They're retreating.
- Good.
Right down the middle
of the gauntlet.
Delta Wing, fire!
Alpha Wing, fire!
'Fire defense grid,
all sectors!'
[gunshots]
That's got them.
Delta Wing, proceed to
command and control vessel
while Alpha Wing
works clean up.
Confirmed.
[sizzling]
Damn.
Delta Leader to Babylon Control,
they're opening a jump point.
Repeat, they're opening
a jump point.
'Going to maximum thrust!'
Negative. Delta Leader.
Abandon pursuit.
You might get caught
in the backwash!
We've got their fighters,
don't risk it!
Commander..
(Jeffrey on radio)
'That's an order, Delta Leader!'
Nuts.
Delta Leader to Delta Wing,
Show's over.
Let's collect the stragglers
and return to base.
We figure eleven Raider ships
destroyed
four damaged and captured.
We're interrogating
the prisoners now.
Station took some minor damage.
We've got maintenance bots
working on it.
A few injuries here and there,
nothing major.
Well, it seems Ambassador Kosh's
encounter suit was damaged
but he's not telling how.
Just asked for some equipment
to have it fixed.
What about our ships?
(Garibaldi)
'Three Starfuries were disabled'
and had to be towed back
for repair.
We lost two ships, Jeff.
'Alpha-6 managed to eject
in time. He's down in Medlab.'
Doc thinks he'll be okay.
Delta-9 didn't make it.
You want me
to notify the family?
No, I'll do it.
His father's back on Earth.
His sister's in the Mars colony.
The information's all there.
If it helps, it looks like
we hurt the Raiders bad.
Maybe bad enough so that
we won't be seeing them again.
They still got
their main vessel.
(Garibaldi)
'Yeah, I know,
but without fighters'
it's just one big target.
They'll take a long time before
they can gather enough fighters
to be a problem, if ever.
Commander, you wanted to see us?
Yes.
The ship the Raiders captured
was registered in your name,
Lady Ladira.
They were after something
in your possession.
'I'd like to know what it was,
what it was doing here'
'and why it wasn't declared
on the cargo manifest?'
It's a very long story,
commander.
Well, my time is your time.
[intense music]
Very convincing performance
back there.
Now, if you don't mind
please tell your captain--
Sorry, he's busy.
Stick him in holding
until we need him.
What are you doing?
We had an agreement.
Had. Past tense.
Look, we're big.
We're organized.
But in no way are we big enough
to help you knock over
the Centauri government
and put you in charge.
'I don't care how much leverage
you think the Eye gives you.'
You think they're gonna follow
you just like that?
- Not a chance.
- But I helped you.
I gave you the transport
times --
And we're grateful.
This ship, big enough
to make its own jump point
cost us nearly every credit
we've stolen over
the last five years.
'With the ransom
we can get for this'
we can buy one
maybe even two more.
That made it worth taking
the risk, not your plan.
And what about me?
You're gonna send a message
to Centauri Prime.
They've met our demands
for the Eye
but they won't consider
paying your ransom
until they have proof
that you're still alive.
So, look on the bright side,
Lord Kiro.
You're not going home
as the new emperor.
But you are going home alive.
And once back,
you're gonna keep on paying us
because you wouldn't want
anybody to find out about your..
[siren blares]
What the hell?
[explosion]
[shatters]
[instrumental music]
You're sure you are well enough
to travel, my lady?
I have responsibilities
I must attend to.
And what of you, ambassador?
What of me? Huh!
It would seem my career
is finished, good lady.
The Eye is gone.
Even if they want to
buy it back
the price will be astronomical.
And I'm sorry.
I'll do anything I can to help.
Thank you.
But I'm afraid
I'm beyond anything
short of a miracle.
Goodnight, Lady Ladira.
I'll see you to your ship
in the morning.
I expect I'll be leaving myself,
a few days later.
[door beeping]
Whoever it is, go away.
[beeping continues]
Alright.
What's one more annoyance?
Enter.
- Good evening, ambassador.
- You?
Go away. It's late.
I'm in no mood for your games.
I'm leaving shortly.
I got what I came for.
But before I go..
A gift from friends
you don't know you have.
[instrumental music]
The Eye.
[chuckles]
How?
Where did you go, eh?
Let me buy you a drink.
Let me buy you
an entire fleet of drinks!
How can I ever find you
to thank you?
(Morden)
'We will find you, ambassador.
We will find you.'
[instrumental music]
So, I've assigned
a couple of security guards
to escort Ladira
back to her ship.
Needless to say, Londo and I
had a little chat about
withholding cargo information.
If we'd known about the Eye
we could've anticipated
the attack.
No kidding.
I was planning to stop by
and make sure
they got off alright.
- You coming?
- Na, I can't.
I've got an Earthforce transport
due in about an hour
to take the prisoners
back home for trial.
They plan to make
a big deal outta this
to try and discourage others.
If it works, I'll take it.
Something else?
On another matter
you asked me to look into.
I dug around a little and..
Look, Jeff..
...you probably know you weren't
first in line to run this place.
I suspected as much.
I was surprised
when they called me.
- How far down the list was I?
- Pretty far.
Despite the problems,
this is still
a high-profile job,
a real plum.
Admiral, generals,
the whole brass was lined up
hoping to get it,
but every name was rejected
until they got to you.
Rejected by whom?
The Minbari government.
They were the first to sign on
to support Babylon 5
on the condition
that they had approval
of who was assigned
to run this place.
- They wanted you.
- Why?
Unknown.
Commander, I'm glad
you were able to come.
I wanted to see you
before I left.
I don't know if
Ambassador Mollari
mentioned it to you or not,
but when I arrived here
I had a vision about this place.
He told me, but we came
through the attack at one piece.
- The station is safe.
- For now.
But the vision, commander..
The vision is still there.
It's not an easy thing
but I can let you see..
...if you will trust me.
[dramatic music]
[intense music]
This..
Is it a vision of what will be
or what might be?
The future is always changing.
We create the future
with our words, our deeds
and with our beliefs.
This is a possible future,
commander.
And it is my hope
that you may yet avoid it.
[instrumental music]
[theme music]
[music continues]